Update CoC with additional event details (#3)
Quansight-Labs/jupyter-accessibility-workshops: code-of-conduct.md

# Jupyter Accessibility Workshops Code of Conduct

Jupyter accessibility workshops are events within the Project Jupyter community. They follow [Project Jupyter's Code of Conduct](https://jupyter.org/conduct/).

> Project Jupyter's Code of Conduct mentions that events may have additional specifications to ensure that people are kept safe in real-time interactions. For Jupyter accessibility workshops, we would like to specify the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As per Project Jupyter's Code of Conduct - events may have additional specifications to ensure that people are kept safe in real-time interactions. For Jupyter accessibility workshops, we the following addendums to the Code of Conduct have been made and will be enforced
```

Reviewer: This adds more strength to the additions and highlight that there are mechanisms to enforce them

## Scope and event spaces

This Code of Conduct applies to the following people in Jupyter accessibility workshop online spaces:
- admins of the online space
- all event attendees
- all community members
- maintainers
- reviewers

> - contributors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- contributors
- speakers
```

To create a safe environment during the event, immediate action on Code of Conduct violations may be needed. Immediate actions may include the following:
- Warning by event moderators
- Banning from the event chat
- Removal from breakout/discussion rooms
- Removal from the event

### Procedure For Reporting Incidents

If you believe someone is in physical danger, including from themselves, the most important thing is to get that person help. Please contact the appropriate crisis number, non-emergency number, or police number. You can consult with a moderator to help find an appropriate number.

If you believe someone has violated the Code of Conduct, we encourage you to report it. If you are unsure whether the incident is a violation, or whether the space where it happened is covered by the Code of Conduct, we encourage you to still report it. We are fine with receiving reports where we decide to take no action for the sake of creating a safer space.

Whether for immediate or post-event actions, you may report Code of Conduct violations to at least one of the following event moderators:
- Isabela Presedo-Floyd

> - [needs at least two]

Reviewer: Happy to be added here - we might also need someone from Jupyter directly like Ana

Author: I'm happy to ask, I just wasn't sure who was committing to being at the event. Do you think this is something I could ask at a Jupyter team meeting too since most of the teams are aware this planning is happening?

Reviewer: Add my email here
